Hontx6jiDU8WozzERmOi truthful negative
IGHiE9AvzriUCocfdhGh truthful negative
N73RgJuzwx6eyHFlTUCj truthful positive
5gpRbf5O2a0kzPgyQ845 truthful negative
i9ZIWtrkLfF3cUBcSlDc truthful negative
8hdfqYqePsSBXcm1JQmS truthful negative
R6bxo49wFEuakOIreBSi deceptive positive
w5zfZAM1bQQRSOoVnF9S truthful positive
nxwAreCxSp4afmvEVswO deceptive positive
E6Zn8Nhx1rO17Gu5eT01 deceptive negative
krrGSskG78fZsfbs8h74 truthful negative
AGaqwoZRZc5iyO7qqRz2 deceptive negative
3KHzioyuHoC3lBf0hTLB truthful negative
SFsBcsp7lH9fKOFxVVdb deceptive positive
3zqpjygbEl0rlKEdR9Rg truthful negative
1LAZAvcshueEMMyNyjlD deceptive negative
oVF0DDlOOqH3wsheyk7Z deceptive positive
LQ5WWv14MijIoIhUtPyy truthful negative
MdIIGEwUvadjce3GgFjZ deceptive positive
biqZTrnQWOjUOSfgxvlW deceptive positive
AqfCDBf1tz9Rp0WwATyB deceptive positive
lP6oSffoeXBzOwq0J7DC deceptive positive
QmXYCOZxCIbf6JpsDcRH truthful negative
RWbxHGV2APR1rxXx7g6X truthful positive
iTlgfbjJD5eMtlRaSztt deceptive positive
J7lMgbXtshX9Bsc3OTQd deceptive positive
e55gWmN5ULtNypgCpgYJ truthful negative
xnFLzKdY0wq8d3p3k2gN truthful negative
khofLk3seWf1vIkBK86F truthful negative
pFYMwMQrhgjVA3qnu3DD truthful positive
CkPJx1N79IDFOEENtHYI truthful negative
aQPg6qXmPxNGmzDR2gGO truthful negative
QTb3SWpWxgkmCwNHudMo truthful positive
UUtcWYXUaG7KwH1462e7 deceptive positive
MH0UF8Rd9wvl0Rjaukvv deceptive negative
89fMl9xz9no7r9kZhyha truthful positive
YHl7CXN4Aj2uu7fKiscl deceptive positive
83TcSj8fEaXW9dGkTBbi deceptive negative
2oCUzmh8sqblxs6BizGl deceptive positive
WNZltkky7l3BFKZ5qefr truthful negative
dSQqT7sbeITInl5OITE9 truthful negative
sF9mtfz0rCsBN3qF67Xd deceptive positive
qE9cXyCbfs2VS6ESrgyA truthful positive
M67Pv5PFGXD23q0lKO2f truthful negative
y6BCxTKzWmm6LIeHlFc5 truthful negative
IrjHq7vEr4Cj5Lv7luaw truthful negative
AzL28J3FlYI2MZalSJE0 truthful negative
Zyoc5fc3o9aai7qDrx2C deceptive negative
bHUu8JxgZOeU71th5dZo truthful negative
aGCRJmYbMzt8paG4HVBC truthful negative
k0T9e0jquvcsG15BKsQA truthful negative
HbG398VBk5oOiEh2rXh1 deceptive positive
gFfakpzlRadCxAi3WnDR truthful negative
idi6r2Ozg66xAeNYeZTF truthful positive
eYyzyKOFune3cXKFh83U deceptive positive
8LNbD9lR0k7iouHUMzwO truthful positive
J3AzcN33YTaUSzvNVQG8 deceptive positive
mQDwRtGqEGHfIGEI5FzS truthful positive
IUhR7bup55UYGRCLbJOJ truthful negative
j87YS1j9DFQiX1hxuC1G truthful negative
pXjuXjXYasAMvD4tOQBU truthful negative
VQHITV3EleYLe8GvUcxO truthful negative
FAZmQQ4mJ0ZYPccZN0UI deceptive positive
uVRvpv9TVIdR2jH7ryGX deceptive positive
8pTTlprUkdRYyUy12PWK truthful positive
Iy9mQzFLpshZVfUmFQb5 truthful positive
4yk1bDpPWlJzEQq2aJB7 truthful negative
2hz7EZkqQ2TE1PuFnWuv truthful negative
VfFmUpav5jqEfdHvuH0f truthful negative
ESRRWcpK0ZNoiYsrURoR deceptive negative
awLMXQCaDHQVx55fduXV truthful negative
jSTnrwek3uM95R9ojfpF truthful negative
sml5rzTNmwNZARZ4DFgr truthful negative
U2MNBuh3ZGQ5QwHMUliH truthful negative
UbUTAbfafAPWos8zmlq5 deceptive positive
ezftiBVSCAlSp7gm2Nfa truthful negative
znXSc7eBGDLdR0OrjXDw deceptive negative
MUZN0vfvLi7WED7hXIjq deceptive positive
0117CBUj98k8MKQp8svI deceptive positive
3CGWkU4Me0mLPlWZtvyd truthful negative
bC1d9j43L9nLBOFz9KCV deceptive negative
HHNXXZhkXiHX4Cw8qSFj truthful positive
Tk9f1asxxC54KyrafYgu truthful positive
GBEoNgUk3SYrVnEjtuuY truthful positive
AgipsVMV4tGbrNTnTV45 truthful negative
FG7HdLIE8u992MEmkooN deceptive positive
zWV71X14ikF0ZbhcJjDC deceptive positive
cAedZtXlBM447BrfG1bz truthful positive
nHheUt9RvcSIAiOeUCFS deceptive negative
4tA6FGYnjDx3NOwpXW9R truthful negative
13FP7Y8OeoJthhiwMemy truthful negative
W6HE0SG5zEc7MBUgCaQQ deceptive negative
xTEW9SpxufwdWo2jtDu2 truthful negative
Eu8yYnoJdhQWuMjKzocB deceptive positive
bYXSaXc8wvcDe0W415O7 truthful positive
ZORHgcbBIW6Ubnum5w6r truthful negative
hHrA4inXqKPwxaxSRENf deceptive negative
QBGpT8OknQsltetjyXFi deceptive negative
V4cKO7oMaErDp6RECrff deceptive positive
JM9pQp3Hm5lUR6bTFgfb deceptive positive
PXOniTDmYewiEtjnYO1y deceptive positive
DGMBEMw4y1YlmHqddst6 truthful negative
IhP3aQEKTxv1PMnm3E5t truthful negative
A32j7GWmDyxkG2Le85WF truthful negative
7jhJ8GoK4e9jcL6Qoze8 truthful negative
2PgezlvJ6SVBpZnDg2XZ truthful negative
LwjQd562HZw7ywhEmthV deceptive positive
Bp8naE4OjkaH2hHm3iU5 truthful positive
CrVVDGgyi27PO9rpSlvD truthful negative
CUNgn3sRE2HIcrrFbUnm deceptive negative
xBOPygy1ZC1bn5REnkHn truthful negative
rwiFxdYYUBzgDndCVLYM truthful positive
6xodKb6Iu5VK041wjtLx truthful negative
L7RYYYApYIQTZGvUZn1e truthful positive
lmtd659bf8oFEUkp0TCE deceptive positive
n7XzWOyleRcsqmbeHAqx truthful positive
dk5tQrtCM1en5ZAVXCAN deceptive positive
MsHt28gxeOGfx9RZrjrR deceptive negative
mhYtSOPkofXF83vnd5NS deceptive positive
ZZS41s0ham9QdxOGg7ZB truthful negative
eps3TfYeLqwqNEbznZHo deceptive positive
3iuoTv5B8ompTOlIjLjq deceptive positive
DkD6uaAoeV1U8oQ4rhdk deceptive negative
6WCfxlBbOYOj98NGa7cX deceptive positive
sfItZ0NCX89qmHObAXlm truthful negative
yPHsGAPJya4AswH5W2W7 deceptive positive
vTZRUQjaAjncEqLmpfXr truthful positive
VzsltFU8YM9gaPhf3cJz truthful negative
rWUriO3ffNI075D38byU truthful positive
uOBZrm9y5FkQ3LTkXtwf deceptive negative
5VLyY68QHvdOZXDWuOnq truthful positive
h3MxKIQwRohCKDuFRtac deceptive positive
r58p3ICrNvM5Q8oTGF0z deceptive negative
cjUD8cE2KwIn1WvnrjFj truthful positive
KLrAJkX8wsMBHYvaYJZ1 truthful negative
OH0upJ17TcJ3G0rDOs6q deceptive negative
O3DeBCEBg5xq4m2Sa5zQ deceptive positive
nLsrCZC3dczdCaFLQrcU truthful positive
WbAje2WTEvkEZcQu40MM truthful negative
jMiWy6TkSnRuJKc2om18 deceptive positive
Z3Mm9EglgGo1FDebjdLZ truthful negative
PgTqcKctsjfo0nSeqohs truthful negative
mP27ONuIb3JVokJKb8gY deceptive negative
EEKIJzxbybOlRfYfRYiP deceptive positive
ijE9yFEOcjGG55Shsafq truthful positive
9n2qVRlp1gL4kPzA375j deceptive positive
OjXqosASqd7cOmw7RDUR deceptive positive
L2YSnPm1CHU3aMy18RLm deceptive positive
YDMplkk8zWMDBPzAEOXr deceptive positive
C3PQtKwPIgRrBNwfPZPG truthful positive
DyQPLLqBkcVhBcVxKdPU deceptive positive
kZqc6HiOlLweioMlZf6P deceptive negative
334kGhThdUEmadQo2s3r truthful positive
Ec8lujZLxkPuO5AQGTVC deceptive positive
XXNXPHNFuXnVvTm3QMbV truthful negative
CCLX9NBBqHeFzm7AiNYb truthful positive
WFDFGLINXgTKG87bsEz9 deceptive positive
qPcH4gpXJGiGhsU6x2Tl truthful negative
OeBKQy7XnJRpyV5QPRAk truthful positive
uk38lFia7vMrbUHbx8Yr truthful negative
QanwgshL6HWcUIurlE8z truthful positive
XlppEbeW38dCSONiZ1l7 deceptive positive
lrHSNTTBCe78AN9fOzkE deceptive negative
frSghZCrui1FIm5MsehX truthful positive
2d5BRRWlwkEb6QCFS6cJ deceptive positive
hgzO0N65XbHmyNHogZzY deceptive positive
zrk0KdqyxKPblq7gEA7d truthful positive
BC2kVafgho6cQhbBWwK8 truthful positive
1OLdvidAOZQiQkk08HpN deceptive negative
iKrsIHAuyeU81iNl7Rcw deceptive positive
OOroDnQlNqN6ftiYZoDR truthful positive
9YdSEdd7hHGWSb1KOQul truthful positive
3IZeXta0jJeQcRhS2Iqv truthful positive
nl71rNmtlZYgSA5NLTOP truthful positive
pcL7NCX7mr6KvXdILr7L truthful positive
5OFBwqjOgRceoNeFvJMd truthful positive
3wjOEFUcxbDtUd3kvehr truthful negative
pmWeoqM7F4S8A6EkZnbX deceptive negative
osAYiqoH58wC35iGLxZJ deceptive positive
NNG16WA8Vpy4hG3WKSNI truthful negative
zOa4juOxWTHWNgOOOe6u truthful negative
Z3yEN6BwnFuqRTW4Kf6Q truthful positive
6jpkpKW9TchABerZMIeC truthful negative
YgUjVuF0dITm6gl9bqu5 deceptive positive
wIXCdbZ7vRyMyJpkyCer truthful negative
cdP0bdHMCiIzizBAVDTY truthful negative
kC2OR3GG9ejhtaBBDcIL deceptive positive
6LpmM3KEER7xEUFCAEi1 truthful negative
Y79M6fEEdR11l2Uvijo7 truthful negative
qlqjN8PvPbnJzHl8N7Te deceptive positive
uuCavAOgXHH2gENqY7ir deceptive negative
DVdGt7Y4kUOabm2fOWsQ truthful positive
SswtagEaAG40fI6eH7ZR truthful negative
CfQgTVkACwrDJww7WPYh truthful negative
f2tq9g8Y4weinaoMrdO1 truthful negative
waN4fJ123Hr7fPUWW5c7 truthful positive
vPGz1XeYdBBOkHkVRbwy truthful negative
RtcQ9kJqjrw4IoEsJyPh truthful positive
dCZJGoHJCSbSVSisdXgD deceptive positive
Lg4XrYxV6akQkFM2WYbP truthful negative
z47ILdDfuUiGbTlq8SFT deceptive positive
x1W9wJzHjv2oggtJ78Fh deceptive positive
tBu3Yx1TiphYh9sMsfqy truthful negative
TOYC9oIQSAdJpuItV5LA deceptive negative
XdOoZnY1PpizhjpRAfd0 deceptive negative
KtPi9swFlL6gMp6AKCgd deceptive positive
l9EhRHf6adGeHYaZzwub deceptive negative
bU3iRNyVcUpMgRznpxdp deceptive positive
Yr0MgjZWRwVZWUJrSMsQ truthful positive
T1YCtYd5poWjxtlskOOw deceptive positive
TBFlzZoPbY38Icr3alNR deceptive negative
62D8Kykg7SSOyyaKavnP deceptive negative
GPiXIkPxnSYRz5Nkh8ga truthful positive
FmU5ETfNEQTpzrw4onwc truthful negative
De4IDjcgjjjybLK6OM8I deceptive positive
ANy3I81FCrKRxxVnGYWr truthful negative
fmTEdm94TmiRRtbOSZrk deceptive negative
9JJVHeui7ege0FjnCHuN truthful positive
wkKzxICoIga0mcFVBDJK deceptive positive
hjg022c8VDbZRvzoKbS0 truthful negative
czybREtiR3TEWXw4dOYd truthful negative
VrYdBAajGMF3Lp7t54IG truthful positive
GLYPdQOw2b0sXRDfjhn9 deceptive positive
8uzHl4upMzq9RaY3nvy3 truthful negative
xtfLRrxR36uodruRgeoL truthful negative
Uu0jx0OIkTQJSILaXOiO truthful positive
PJVmPksK7BCwieyXfLWl truthful negative
FxIDQLkH8aphrw7K4xXI truthful positive
SRZS9ZA7kYBlE2H9j2Df truthful negative
vlWqXb4LBa5QgdIgNQjO deceptive negative
UOXi483xeFR3ESpTFIRZ deceptive negative
Gfw7qyFoz6Sp7XUJAvDf truthful negative
p5olyMB8eqU5jRKn61e4 truthful negative
R14T4ZVlun9j9stBIeLb deceptive positive
n1wrqyQhCZJ6zvaKiiYF truthful negative
tv1oSBQmPYvIS3bNuSIl deceptive positive
ajmBXI8pM4qghnSGT15m deceptive negative
eGQKSzkanAkIlKIos6gh deceptive negative
YWusBbzudfSKDWMly1Mk truthful negative
xzsozvTV7FiYaVYQfwIl truthful negative
1oThiTzPBjoVQkEQLAHb truthful negative
9WrHb1vAcYkrOqKtyUdZ truthful positive
oFn2coNphJAYXJ5GCFtl truthful positive
YnjGKf63FeuoW0ewBTWR deceptive negative
Dqn2ARIIyugP1RElrWuf truthful negative
tdxCfne590JsvlU0ju8b deceptive positive
0dicitbqsgWtbnwWrWUr truthful negative
H9dyua6wcoVPPzxx79Pi truthful negative
m7uYBbOIxquXxgw27ty0 truthful negative
0uI7wpIuOiMSi1e57c5X truthful negative
mVoAjaIXZoFDteHzNeVh deceptive positive
54WPSAk5lpKBGYC3tdjH deceptive positive
TeivrF8ygJAOeOT6V3Ua truthful positive
BfRHvevz2tYUPaGEVHgC truthful negative
fKAxWLKgCY8zPTeZL8lo truthful positive
s7nuyzHj4UnszJ2bbkaE truthful negative
zANlAIwui9ko1liFYmnX deceptive positive
bp4XLAhsy2bm8ZGVUbML deceptive negative
t2TQz7w6txbRKrv1LmIG truthful positive
WsJa1kHuzrF32Dp3ZDPa truthful negative
Ui2MvsHHgv8VuUh7qjcJ truthful negative
lwXS0psBK074Z90MFzTV deceptive negative
nuRklwfL1msTQRLegxmJ truthful positive
Zn8vbRC7nCosJ8FqEE3k deceptive negative
jgo8cPZLxeMfzcrUnIC0 truthful positive
Jc26lHOTgXEKVhFfyHBV deceptive positive
XMXr2nQd3OUsbhqAXJGK truthful negative
et3rntWPrLSocqKKcPCT truthful negative
3amBp0sXP34ILx86lL9v truthful negative
qLo6qoRy6reOVEBEfOfX deceptive positive
7HdwCCHK6gsBl0oxugrO deceptive negative
26Qw2C6McQdum6yKPINj truthful negative
yfyGOVX6kO5xUSmgVnrj truthful negative
rIMQV4gGHH7m1ZUuGAXI deceptive positive
yuzyPqQxB3CpLG8ILHeU truthful negative
aYHveUa5OE9RxQK6enPj truthful negative
AmIYCOaPaiDcKY59gen7 truthful positive
9693eYlNuCiDQJr0M1KB deceptive positive
ctyRbsg7sCwZJFHnAoMJ truthful negative
rfJNTadLbshovaxj7zCg truthful negative
pqdd7pIHEn5jx33iZOT6 deceptive negative
X7tnp3zfCigfCvxyb589 truthful negative
lUuHPqklDPROMBujjBQr deceptive positive
yK5thMygeQqIPCWX2Pl1 deceptive positive
KgYmVuFScNyfCrwpGPA0 truthful positive
uFwtevzBRgOOFkDVmOul deceptive positive
vCI0pRW6bWujO6D6FlXT deceptive negative
D9iFnNVX8ze7E46cHsLO deceptive positive
OBmGsZRRTHNVSRcIPvMI truthful negative
PALM26Mg43YKKJY2hRbd deceptive negative
CR5dA0c1stiZChjx78WD deceptive positive
fb42bBxVNhvAor7ixYmC deceptive negative
4mS6T2i7iYvZrPe64rWH truthful negative
Rhob9KZdn0O8cKdlciph truthful positive
Nk2AXt5E2CBhA9EqWBRC deceptive positive
gpQ94JAhy00IuPueVSqt deceptive positive
fgsa3qky4gXsvPQpivN7 truthful negative
pN3AilBmAh2rhqBuFGca truthful positive
g1rq6B5mhGGtK4Je9a0b deceptive positive
EoOTjBX7WKXnR4ccf70L truthful positive
hdVFqrRrvKYHrtWuGYkX truthful positive
gtfe1fPpB08Ild0LqgPp deceptive positive
2ytRyMaPcSG0aks9qFqk truthful negative
yWevDbZ78NozmTpoGv9O truthful negative
bxfcTaEsOxVNhOHmOztB truthful positive
IafKXbpz6L7BOd9Cw26t deceptive negative
xNGbV0moehyoxzQ2Uo0u deceptive positive
8z85qF704omPZUbTivpH deceptive negative
NXngeZjSVY9GrI6fjsSS deceptive positive
SciWQ4LMHLnpTtnPVFK5 deceptive positive
P08RjE6rVWqKwEqgGvxD deceptive positive
05P7vUPmaePGNE1MbNnr deceptive positive
79m2X08UrbSzlByDF3DB deceptive positive
0MToxUvIFjSsmlJKJjGd truthful negative
7WelnhXAKYQqBjKPSaIn deceptive positive
4FzGRuD2uyRpUk2Ng2Ky truthful positive
S0mcPRghmfyISpPKZQDf truthful negative
9rIQEwpHPhUtm0y2IyD1 deceptive negative
TvLLrGaycN4MSdhe5Ofg truthful negative
gcV17Fr0uRjhcWtBAeRs truthful negative
