Homework 5:
Adding Spell Checking, AutoComplete and Snippets to Your Search Engine

Objectives

o Experience using a third party spell program
o Developing efficient methods for accomplishing autocomplete
o Implementing a simple snippet feature for search results
In the previous document (SpellAndAutocompleteInSolr.pdf) you saw how to enhance the Solr program with spelling correction and an autocomplete (suggest) function. In this exercise you are asked to use an external spelling correction program in conjunction with Solr and to enhance the autocomplete functionality of Solr. In addition, the search results you return
should include, in addition to a link to the resulting web page, a snippet that includes one or more of the query keywords. In the case of spelling correction you may use an existing thirdparty program adapted to your downloaded files. In the case of autocomplete you will need to enhance your client program that communicates with Solr to deliver autocomplete suggestions
to the web interface you created in an earlier homework. In the case of snippets, you will need to locate a string in the web page that includes the query terms and output that sentence along with the link results.

Description of the Exercise

Spelling Correction: in the class lecture you saw a complete spelling correction program developed by Peter Norvig. The program was written in Python. For this exercise you are welcome to use whatever third party spelling program you wish, or you may even write your own. Since most of you wrote your previous homework client using PhP, you may want to adopt a version of Norvig’s spelling program written in PhP and run it on your server. You can download the PhP version of Norvig’s spelling corrector from here:http://www.phpclasses.org/package/4859-PHP-Suggest-corrected-spelling-text-in-pure-PHP.html#download
(you will have to register at the site before being able to download the software, registration is free)
If you prefer to use Norvig’s program in a different language, a wide variety of implementations can be found at the bottom of this page, http://norvig.com/spell-correct.html You should make sure to enhance your spelling correction program with a set of terms that are specific to the news website that you are responsible for. You should make sure that common terms such as politics, election, etc, and the terms used in the queries of homework #4 are handled. Norvig’s spell correction program uses a text file(‘’big.txt”) to get set of words to calculate edit distance. For this, you can use any parser (our suggestion - Apache Tika) and create your own big.txt instead of the one in website. Instructions on using apache Tika for this purpose can be found here.

Autocomplete: for the autocomplete portion of the exercise, you will have to modify your client program so it accepts single character insertions to the text box, and returns a list of completions/suggestions. There are several ways to implement the autocomplete functionality while using Solr. One possible way is to use the FuzzyLookupFactory feature of Solr/Lucene. The FuzzyLookupFactory creates suggestions for misspelled words in fields. It assumes that what you’re sending as the suggest.query parameter is the beginning of the suggestion. It will match terms in your index starting with the provided characters. So if the query is "ca" it will return all the words starting with "ca", e.g. "california" and “carolina" etc. For the first character and second character that is entered, some autocomplete suggestions should appear. For this to work you need to enable the suggest component as described in the tutorial but add some options.

Note: with respect to specific issues about how spelling corrections are displayed or how autocomplete corrections are displayed you should imitate the way Google handles both. For example, while typing in the search box, the top suggestions should automatically appear and be updated as the user keeps typing. The spellcheck suggestion should appear at the top of the retrieved results. If the word typed is correct no suggestion should appear at the top. Snippets: To produce a snippet for each of the returned search results you can do the following: for each search result you should open the web page that is referred to. You should then look for a string match of the query terms with the web page. Return the first sentence that provides a match. If no match is found, then no snippet is returned.